# Writeup
***The full writeup can be found in the Writeup directory***

As a way to learn more about Microsoft Azure, I'm going to be building a website powered by Azure to showcase my resume. This project will be utilizing Azure CosmosDB, Azure Function Apps, Blob Storage, Azure CDN, as well as setting up a CI/CD pipeline with Github. This project is based off the [ACG Resume Project](https://github.com/ACloudGuru-Resources/acg-project-azure-resume-starter/tree/main) repo. That project is quite old now in computer years, so quite a few changes exist between it and this project. Now, I am by no means a web developer, so it is quite likely that the way I've done my html and CSS is not the most optimized or efficient approach, so do keep that in mind when following this guide.
# Overview
In this project, I will first set up a website locally that will host a static `index.html` with information about my resume, and a function to download the latest copy of my resume. After that I will create an Azure Function using the VS Code extension and bind it to Azure CosmosDB to keep track of page views. Once the function is running locally I will deploy it to an Azure Function app. I'll then deploy the static site to Azure Blob Storage. After that I'll use Azure CDN to create a content delivery network endpoint and map it to my static site in Blob storage. I'll then modify my DNS provider settings to forward requests to my Azure CDN endpoint. Once this is complete, I'll set up a CI/CD pipeline using Github Workflows. I'll create a frontend workflow to keep files in Azure Blob storage up to date with what's in my Github repo, and a backend workflow to run unit tests and verify my api is functional.